Okay. So looking at environment.cpp,
here is an example of how we can render bounding boxes.
We can just go ahead and create a box,
using point processor function bounding box and give it a cluster,
and then just go ahead and call the render box inside render.cpp.
Tell it the viewer,
and the box, and then here is this an int value.
In this case, it's this making it so we have unique bounding boxes.
So it's his passing an int,
and if you look at the function render box and render.cpp,
you can see this is taking that int and it's concatenating it onto a string box.
That way, the viewer has unique identifier for each of these boxes,
and they'll be able to render those.
That is just happening all within this one loop where we're going through each of
the different clusters that we got from calling the clustering function,
and so while you're rendering those clusters using render point Cloud,
you can go ahead and also render a box around those clusters as well,
and then we're just incrementing through the different cluster IDs.
So that's how we can go ahead in our code,
add this render bounding box inside an environment.cpp..